Louis Chakkalakal7:01 AM
Hi Bhavya S.
I have a few questions for you.
How much experience do you have in Quant Finance?
And do you work with Python?
I m looking to work with a person who learns quickly and has a feel for both finance and coding.
Also please let me know how many hours per week you would be available to work with me, approximately (2, 5, 10 or 20 hours for example) ?
thanks
Louis
Bhavya Soni10:27 AM
Hi Louis, we are a team working in Quant finance for about 5 years now. We have members who are great in finance and coding. We will take a look at the project and let you know in how many days/weeks we can complete it.
We usually deliver things quickly
Thursday, May 07
LC
Louis Chakkalakal10:58 PM
Hi Bhavya,
thank you for your message.
Are you able to chat on Monday 05/11? Let me know what time works.
Thanks
Louis
Bhavya Soni11:09 PM
Yes sure.
How is 7pm IST?
LC
Louis Chakkalakal11:19 PM
Yes that works, 8.30am EST, perfect, talk to you then!
Bhavya Soni11:20 PM
👍
Monday, May 11
Bhavya Soni7:00 PM
Hi Louis
LC
Louis Chakkalakal7:06 PM
Hi Bhavya, sorry I got another call in my calendar, are you free later?
Bhavya Soni7:08 PM
Okay, can we talk tomorrow? Around same time
LC
Louis Chakkalakal7:21 PM
I would prefer today but if its too late for you we can do tomorrow.
Bhavya Soni7:31 PM
Okay let's do it today
LC
Louis Chakkalakal7:58 PM
can you talk in 15min?
Bhavya Soni7:59 PM
Yes
LC
Louis Chakkalakal created a Zoom meeting
8:16 PM

The meeting ended (Duration: 35:45)
Share feedback about the call quality
Can you join now?
I m already online.
Bhavya Soni8:20 PM
Yes joining in 2 mins
LC
Louis Chakkalakal8:20 PM
sure thanks!
Tuesday, May 12
LC
Louis Chakkalakal8:15 PM
Hi Bhavya,
I have a few questions
Bhavya Soni8:24 PM
Hi Louis
Yes pls post them here and we will get back
LC
Louis Chakkalakal8:59 PM
Thanks - I m just trying to understand a few things better before we start working:
- Do you and Harsha work together as a team, who is doing what? Do you have other team members?
- You mentioned you can help build a platform etc. I assume you outsource things for example website creation, content uploads and topics like that? Do you have trusted folks who can do high quality work?
- What AI engine are you mainly using, ChatGPT, Claude or any other, and why?
- Is the QuantEngine platform only for institutional clients or private clients as well?
- Who created the QuantEngine platform? Looks not bad, just curious.
- I think you charge $25/hour, which is not cheap, especially in INR - do you give discounts in general, or after a certain amount of hours? It can work budget-wise if you work efficiently and if the output is high quality - are a couple of revisions included if you quote a project package for x hours, and things need to be improved?
- Are you both aiming to continue your journey as entrepreneurs, or are you aiming to get back into the corporate/banking world? The reason I m asking is I would like to establish longer term professional relationships as it might take a while to build the whole platform.
- For my business, and to give you more details, I would need you to sign an NDA (Non-disclosure agreement), are you fine with that?
Bhavya Soni9:24 PM
Yes please do ask Louis
Please give me an hour I am driving
Will respond to all questions
LC
Louis Chakkalakal9:39 PM
Great thanks! No rush, if it’s too late…
Bhavya Soni11:14 PM
- Do you and Harsha work together as a team, who is doing what? I am in a multi role with triple manor in math stats and computer science
He is the founder and the ceo

Do you have other team members?
Yes we have two IIT madras alumni one economics grad

- You mentioned you can help build a platform etc. I assume you outsource things for example website creation, content uploads and topics like that? Do you have trusted folks who can do high quality work?
No no we dont outsource anything we will build it for you as you need it. We are the ones who other outsource to

- What AI engine are you mainly using, ChatGPT, Claude or any other, and why?
We have built platforms long before AI had vome but now slowly we are using open ai which is chatgpt
- Is the QuantEngine platform only for institutional clients or private clients as well?
Its open to anyone
- Who created the QuantEngine platform? Looks not bad, just curious. Harsha is the architect of it from the ground up and he built it himself
- I think you charge $25/hour, which is not cheap, especially in INR - do you give discounts in general, or after a certain amount of hours? It can work budget-wise if you work efficiently and if the output is high quality - are a couple of revisions included if you quote a project package for x hours, and things need to be improved?
Yes sure we will quote the prices for project at a reasonable rate that we can discuss. We want a long term association mainly and a steady revenue stream.
- Are you both aiming to continue your journey as entrepreneurs, or are you aiming to get back into the corporate/banking world? The reason I m asking is I would like to establish longer term professional relationships as it might take a while to build the whole platform.
We are definitely open to having an exclusive long term relationship with you we can discuss the workings of it.

- For my business, and to give you more details, I would need you to sign an NDA (Non-disclosure agreement), are you fine with that? Yes we respect every intellectual property privacy and protection.
Wednesday, May 13
LC
Louis Chakkalakal12:27 AM
great thank you for answering swiftly. Will be back in touch shortly!
LC
Louis Chakkalakal5:55 PM
Bhavya, can you please send me the names of the 3 other team members please, need to include in the NDA. thanks
Bhavya Soni6:15 PM
Sure, Louis.
1) B.R Chaithanya
2) Anupama Tiwari
3) Raja Ramesh
LC
Louis Chakkalakal6:25 PM
thank you, is it:
1) B.R Chaithanya Male
2) Anupama Tiwari Female
3) Raja Ramesh Male
?
Bhavya Soni6:26 PM
Yes
Thursday, May 14
LC
Louis Chakkalakal8:03 AM
Thanks, Bhavya.
Please find attached the NDA to start the next step of our discussions and cooperation.
Let me know if you have any questions and kindly sign and return it when you get a chance. Thanks!
NDA_clean_20260514.pdf 
NDA_clean_20260514.pdf
256 kB
Bhavya Soni8:11 AM
Great news, Louis. will get back to you soon on this. Thank you!
Bhavya Soni2:40 PM
NDA_clean_signs.pdf.pdf 
NDA_clean_signs.pdf.pdf
264 kB
Hi Louis, our team has signed off on the NDA. Raja will not be involved in this projects for now since he is occupied with another client for 3 months, post that if his involvement is needed we will onboard him. His name has been deleted.
LC
Louis Chakkalakal9:21 PM
Great, thanks for the quick turnaround. Preparing something to send you guys, to get a better picture of the idea. Can you let me know what time you are available roughly in general, i.e. your work day and days, something like 9am to 9pm IST? and Monday to Friday, or Saturday too? Just keen to understand, when we have overlapping times as we are in completely different time zones.
Bhavya Soni9:36 PM
Workdays we operate Sunday through Sunday.

On work timings to have a good overlap

we can have Chaithanya’s schedule from 1 pm to 11 pm

Anupama can be available from 5pm to 2 am

Harsha can be available form 3 pm to 9pm for discussion the rest of the time he usually spends implementing our plans and decisions.

I am flexible and will be available based on the needs of the project.
LC
Louis Chakkalakal11:47 PM
Great thank you, revert back to you shortly.
Friday, May 15
LC
Louis Chakkalakal4:21 PM
Sorry for the delay, need to fine tune something, bear with me.
Bhavya Soni4:32 PM
Sure Louis no problem
Saturday, May 16
LC
Louis Chakkalakal12:15 AM
Hi Bhavya,
I send you attached a first draft of the investor presentation - even though I m not looking to raise capital right now, I completed it to iron out details and share the vision with you guys.
Maybe you and the team can take 1 hour over the weekend to have a look and see whether you get where I want to go. Granted there are a few question marks but overall the direction should be hopefully clear.
Also feel free to note down questions, concerns etc.
2 first steps would be for example:
1) getting a nice website together.
2) having half a dozen excellent articles we can put on the website.
We can discuss on Monday how to proceed.
Thank you!
Louis
2 files 
pyportfolios_combined-v7.pdf
210 kB
pyportfolios_combined-v7_white.pdf
200 kB
LC
Louis Chakkalakal5:05 AM
pyportfolios_combined-v7_Notes.pdf 
pyportfolios_combined-v7_Notes.pdf
80 kB
LC
Louis Chakkalakal7:17 PM
Morning Bhavya - have you received the slides?
Bhavya Soni7:33 PM
Hi Louis, yes we did, we are happy about it. Our team is just finalising all the points for us to discuss on Monday.
Thank you!
LC
Louis Chakkalakal8:10 PM
Sounds good, thanks, looking forward to talking to you after the weekend!
Bhavya Soni10:21 PM
Likewise Louis, see you.
Monday, May 18
LC
Louis Chakkalakal4:28 PM
Good morning, Bhavya, and team.
When would you be available today to chat?
Bhavya Soni4:30 PM
Good morning Louis can we three discuss first and then we will have a formal introduction with the team members once we reach an agreement. Does that aound good to you?
By three I mean Harsha you and I.
Harsha is the founder and CEO of Quantengine
We can do the meeting anytime you are free today
LC
Louis Chakkalakal4:49 PM
Ok great, sounds good - yes the 3 of us makes sense, how about in 2 hours, 7pm IST and 9.30am EST. ?
Bhavya Soni4:51 PM
Sure, Louis. See you at 7 pm 👍🏻
LC
Louis Chakkalakal4:53 PM
Great, will send a zoom link here on upwork just before 7pm.
thanks
Bhavya Soni4:53 PM
Sure, thank you!
LC
Louis Chakkalakal created a Zoom meeting
6:59 PM

The meeting ended (Duration: 35:08)
Share feedback about the call quality
Tuesday, May 19
LC
Louis Chakkalakal7:08 PM
Hi Harsha, Bhavia - thanks for the call yesterday, it was good chatting with you. I hope you are better Harsha.

You asked me regarding remuneration - so at the beginning of the whole project I want to go in small steps and by workstream, ie deliverable by deliverable.
Overall if we work well together and in order to go live, I have as a rough frame of reference something like this in mind:
• 2-5 months (ideally end of Aug/Sep 2026 live)
• $400-$750 per month (INR145-200k)

So if I get for example up to 100 hours of high quality, efficient support I think we can get there as I will also put in hard work and many hours.
As I said this is a rough framework - if we can move faster the better it is.
Let me know what you think.
Besides that, you of course have the advantage to work on something highly relevant, exciting, with a steep learning curve and very valuable for your resume with a boost of experience.
LC
Louis Chakkalakal7:29 PM
I dont know why some numbers appear to be striked out to be honest... just ignore the strike out. Thanks
Bhavya Soni8:27 PM
Hi Louis, thank you for getting back to us.

We are a team of 4 people. I think this project will take atleast 25 hours of work per week by the team. I would really request you to consider this and atleast offer us 300 dollars every week which would be 1200 per month. At 12 dollas an hour.

With this you will be outsourcing your full tech needs to us completely and also any fintech consultancy from our Investment banking and Quant development, and AI experience.

We take our commitments very diligently and we need to be incentivized properly to focus on this project.

I really look forward to resolving this in a way which is mutually accommodating for the both of us. Thanks a lot, Louis.
Wednesday, May 20
LC
Louis Chakkalakal2:12 AM
Thank you - I appreciate your offer and your motivation, thats great. Well I mean if I was an established company I think I would be inclined to accept your offer. Currently, as I m only funded with my own funds it is a bit more challenging - let me see how I can tweak it a bit but I also dont want to over commit.

Can you send me the linkedin links for the other 2 team members please?
Also how did you guys meet, or become a team - from college or previous work or privately? Just curious and trying to understand...
Thanks, have a good evening!
Bhavya Soni5:24 PM
Sure, Louis. I understand your position as well, I sincerely urge you to find a suitable middle ground for Harsha as a founder to cover his expenses on the team and remain moderately profitable. That is his only concern.

On the team Harsha knows me from the same colony in Hyderabad. Chaithanya’s family are friends with Harsha’s family. Anupama has joined as referral from Raja from IIT Madras. That’s how we know each other.
Please find the linked profiles of the other two.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/sri-chaithanya-tak112233/

https://www.linkedin.com/in/anupama-tiwari-4239451b7?utm_source=share_via&utm_content=profile&utm_medium=member_android

Thanks a lot, looking forward to starting work with you. Have a great day!
Policy Warning
Communicating outside of Upwork before a contract starts violates our Terms of Service and may result in permanent account suspension.
Thursday, May 21
LC
Louis Chakkalakal4:02 PM
Thank you Bhavya,
sorry I was busy yesterday - I will be in touch today or tomorrow.
Have a great day!
Bhavya Soni4:49 PM
Sure, Louis. We look forward to it. Have a great day! Thank you
Saturday, May 23
LC
Louis Chakkalakal5:47 AM
Hi Harsha, Bhavya.
Ok so here is what I can offer - I hope this ticks quite a few boxes: Harsha and the team need certain incentives which is understandable. I dont have experience working with you so I need to "ease in" so to speak - in other words you need to earn trust and confidence. You asked for $1,200 per month, I wanted to start with $400-700 per month. We can start with biweekly packages - we need to discuss each workstream and deliverable and I need to detail it out. Below the rough topics I aim to tackle (with the remuneration). Each step depends on the successful completion of the previous step:
1) $300 for the first 2 weeks (June 01-14) - this will not be heavy lifting but I need the website to be ready (landing page, plus an example article page) and you will not start from scratch as I have a good starting basis. You will get to know the brand guidelines and the formatting standards of research reports etc. I will make a detail outline for the platform and the setup should be ready for at least 8 articles, ideally for up to 16 articles.
2) $400 for the next 2 weeks/rest of June (June 15-30): this is when we need to start populating the platform and I need at least some editorial help on the case studies.
3) $500 (July 1-15) - you will work on your own first topic including code and output/case study - I will help you and guide you.
4) $600 (July 16-31) - this is where we need to iron out the subscription mechanics on the platform to go live, and also create a page with technical details that users have to follow. Ideally the notebooks should work on "all" computers, both PC and Mac at least.
That brings the July total quite close to what you asked for - again this is for me at this stage quite over my plans but I also want to step up the game as time is of the essence.
If we work well together for the first 2 month I would be more than happy to continue working thereafter.
Take some time over the weekend and maybe we can chat on Monday (Monday is labor day, not sure I m available yet) or Tuesday.
Thanks, and have a good weekend!
Monday, May 25
Bhavya Soni12:17 PM
Hi Louis, I hope you had a great weekend.

After a lot of thinking, I think this project will be viable on two considerations.

1) For the first 4 weeks, Harsha alone will work on this project which we request to be priced at 800 dollars instead of 700.

2) For the July project depending up on our progress, we can add in either Anupama or Chaithanya but not both.

The Quality of work and progress will not be impacted by this. Harsha is just looking for economic viability for Quant Engine.

Thank you and we look forward to getting started
Wednesday, May 27
LC
Louis Chakkalakal2:22 AM
Hi Bhavya,
Thanks - I just came back to the desk today - that sounds reasonable.
I will get back to you probably tomorrow as I have to catch up with a few things.
Thanks!
Bhavya Soni8:05 PM
Sure, Louis
Thursday, May 28
LC
Louis Chakkalakal5:54 AM
Harsha, Bhavya,
are you available for a call tomorrow to iron out the details?
Let me know what works - I m available from ~7am EST onward until late evening IST.
Let me know what would work.
Thanks!
Louis
Bhavya Soni9:19 AM
Can we do 8 AM EST? 28th May correct?
Thank you
LC
Louis Chakkalakal4:40 PM
Yes today - sure I can make 8am work if that is still open at your end. Otherwise I could do 9am too….
Bhavya Soni5:05 PM
8 am works for us Louis
LC
Louis Chakkalakal created a Zoom meeting
5:30 PM

The meeting ended (Duration: 09:43)
Share feedback about the call quality
LC
Louis Chakkalakal5:35 PM
ok I opened the call, are you guys joining?
Bhavya Soni5:56 PM
Louis
I am sorry there has been a confusion with daylight savings I think
Upwork shows time for you is still 7 25 am
IMG_3461.png 

We can connect now
Bhavya Soni created an Upwork video meeting
5:57 PM

Join meeting
For the best experience, join on a computer web browser.
How it works
LC
Louis Chakkalakal5:58 PM
oh I see lol thats fine - I m actually just grabbing a cup of coffee, can we do 9am instead?
Bhavya Soni5:59 PM
Sure that would be 30 mins from now right?
LC
Louis Chakkalakal6:00 PM
yes exactly
so looks like in summer its GMT-4 and in winter GMT-5 but weird that the system doesnt capture that... interesting, anyway speak soon!
Bhavya Soni6:29 PM
Yes, we are ready!
Bhavya Soni created a Zoom meeting
6:29 PM

The meeting ended (Duration: 00:54)
Share feedback about the call quality
LC
Louis Chakkalakal created a Zoom meeting
6:31 PM

Join Zoom meeting
You can also dial in by phone
LC
Louis Chakkalakal8:24 PM
hi both, can you use next.js as well instead or on top of react.js?
and for the backend can you use python with django or fastapi?
Bhavya Soni8:27 PM
Yes we use next js and typescript on top of react js
LC
Louis Chakkalakal8:27 PM
ok
Bhavya Soni8:27 PM
Backend is fast api
LC
Louis Chakkalakal8:28 PM
ok great
and database, I heard PostgreSQL is good?
Bhavya Soni8:35 PM
Yes depending on the use case we will see
Clickhouse is also a good option
There are other formats which are more efficient for storing financial dta
So it depends on the use case
LC
Louis Chakkalakal8:41 PM
ok got it!
Thanks Bhavya.
so I read Django's advantage for your specific situation is that it comes with an admin panel, built-in authentication, and content management almost out of the box... you think fastAPI is more efficient still?
Bhavya Soni8:51 PM
Yeah Django is outdated Fast api is faster easier to debug
Shall we start the project?
We can discuss the details as we progress
LC
Louis Chakkalakal8:52 PM
Absolutely! 🙂
I m working on the milestone contents, i.e. what you guys can start working on, etc. please bear with me, thanks!
Bhavya Soni8:54 PM
No no please take your time Harsha is just excited to get to the second phase of research articles as quickly as possible, so he wanted to ask me that question.

sounds great Louis :)
Please ask any questions you have
LC
Louis Chakkalakal sent an offer
10:49 PM
FREELANCERS:
HARSHA NAGASAI / BHAVYA SONI
[SRI CHAITHANYA / ANUPAMA TIWARI]

Specifications for Milestone 1: Upwork $400
Timeline (estimate): 06/01/2026 to 06/14/2026

Workstream 1: Website
• Build website: pyportfolios.com (I have it hosted on hostinger.com currently)
- Current version is built in WordPress, horrible & pathetic quality – fin.ai was the style template
- Landing page – key must haves: our focus (coding, markets, trading/portfolio optimization), libraries (python), markets (asset classes, instruments, sectors), geographies (top 15 economies), concepts/models
- Please refer to the brand guidelines for the details on color, font, style, ideas etc.
- Another version I have on framer.com – this is in way better shape but also not there yet; there is an article template which I actually like – I m not sure how to share the link, I think I have to add you both as a collaborator.
Friendly reminder: the standard is fin.ai, your quantengine.in or https://heymessage.framer.ai/
Now you know why I wanted to start with small steps because the quality of many folks is not always what they promise. As a general rule where I m coming from: I m not obsessed with an exact vision of how the website has to look, there is some room but I am indeed obsessed with things looking classy – this is one of several key differentiators of our platform. As an example, your quantengine.in looks sophisticated and quantinsti.com looks cheap and trashy (not saying the content is but this dude celebrating at his desk, what the heck 🙂
• Besides the landing page, I need 8 article pages for 4 categories with 2 articles & notebooks each
• We also need a literature website with books and journal articles: this will be a list of top 25 or top 50 quant finance, portolio optimization, trading books, and similarly academic journal papers which shaped quant finance in the last 75 years (Markowitz, Black-Litterman, Ledoit-Wolf etc.).
• I also built a Course structure for quant finance basics which needs to be a separate category.

Workstream 2: Research (if time permits – details to be added/discussed)
• Research: Competitors – expand list to all competitors, and do competitor analyses
• Business Plan: Refinement of the business plan
• Platform setup: Setting up subscriber engagement, payment, database in the backend etc.
• …

Ad-hoc help: Diverse small tasks
• Explain Python VS Code Environment – (will provide a slide to talk through)
• Explain how hosting a website works – introduction to technical stuff (backend, frontend, databases etc.)
• How to avoid bugs for users in the most efficient/lean way, i.e. that IPYNB files run on all/most systems without errors
• Go through course notebooks – understanding, check for flow, learning, questions, bugs etc.
• …
Est. Budget: $400.00
Milestone 1: • Build website: pyportfolios.comPlease refer to the brand guidelines for the details on color, font, style, ideas etc.
Due: Tuesday, Jun 2, 2026
Project funds: $100.00
View details
Pyportfolios
Hostinger - Bring Your Idea Online With a Website
Choose Hostinger and make the perfect site. From Shared Hosting and Domains to VPS and Cloud plans. We have all you need for online success.
Hostinger
Fin. The #1 AI Agent for customer service
Fin is the highest-performing AI Agent in customer service, delivering higher-quality answers and resolving more complex queries than any other AI Agent.
Framer: Create a professional website, free. No code website builder loved by designers.
Build a free website with Framer—enjoy full design freedom, powerful CMS, built-in SEO, and real-time collaboration. Create professional, fully custom sites with the no-code builder loved by designers and high-performing teams.
Fin. The #1 AI Agent for customer service
Fin is the highest-performing AI Agent in customer service, delivering higher-quality answers and resolving more complex queries than any other AI Agent.
QuantEngine — Infrastructure for systematic traders
Infrastructure for systematic traders. Research, backtesting, and low-latency execution. QuantEngine is a platform — we don't manage capital and we don't trade.
Message AI – AI Model Landing Page Template
A sleek Framer template for AI startups, LLM tools, and generative assistants. Built to convert with bold design, flexible sections, and instant setup.
QuantEngine — Infrastructure for systematic traders
Infrastructure for systematic traders. Research, backtesting, and low-latency execution. QuantEngine is a platform — we don't manage capital and we don't trade.
QuantInsti - Learn Algorithmic Trading with AI-Driven Strategies from Market Practitioners
Learn algorithmic trading, quantitative finance, and high-frequency trading with AI-driven strategies from industry experts at QuantInsti – A Pioneer Training Institute for Algo Trading.
QuantInsti Quantitative Learning Pvt Ltd
I just broke it out somehow in different submilestones for the first package.
pyportfolios.com - Milestone 1_20260528.docx 
pyportfolios.com - Milestone 1_20260528.docx
18 kB
Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks!
pyportfolios.com_Brand Guidelines_2026-04-30-vf3.pptx 
pyportfolios.com_Brand Guidelines_2026-04-30-vf3.pptx
39 MB
Bhavya Soni accepted an offer
11:07 PM
View details
We are delighted to accept the offer Louis! We will get started on this and ask you questions as we progress.
Bhavya Soni11:30 PM
We also understand about the theme and looks of the website we will work on the same lines of our website
LC
Louis Chakkalakal11:43 PM
Sounds good, thank you!
Those are the framer sites which are not bad:
https://expensive-sparrow-736232.framer.app/home
https://expensive-sparrow-736232.framer.app/article-page
Message AI – AI Model Landing Page Template
A sleek Framer template for AI startups, LLM tools, and generative assistants. Built to convert with bold design, flexible sections, and instant setup.
Message AI – AI Model Landing Page Template
A sleek Framer template for AI startups, LLM tools, and generative assistants. Built to convert with bold design, flexible sections, and instant setup.
Just FYI the article page is just a clone from a matlab site, but the more complex case studies or articles will be similar - many of the case studies will be also much shorter. I have to leave now, catch you later, have a good night!

Louis Chakkalakal5:49 AM
Actually, forget about the old brand guidelines - they were a bit outdated, I have new ones, got Claude to refresh that a little and worked on it myself - I hope you get the idea:
pyportfolios.com_Brand Guidelines_2026-05-28-vf.pptx 
pyportfolios.com_Brand Guidelines_2026-05-28-vf.pptx
3 MB
Bhavya Soni11:39 AM
Sure, Louis. We will use the latest guidelines in building this, we have progressed about 20 percent yesterday.
